Please read the rules of subreddit before posting stories: Posting Guidelines
Note: All stories submitted to r/ShortScaryStories belong to the original poster. If you fail to ask permission before narrating, translating, producing, or sharing their post to another page/website, the original poster may file a DMCA strike against you. This means that they will be able to have their content removed from your page. If several authors file DMCA strikes against you, most sites will remove your page completely.
Have you found stories shared/narrated without author permission? Report it on /r/SleeplessWatchdogs!


Rules


All stories must be 500 words or less. A story that is 501 words (or two sentences or less, to distinguish us from r/twosentencehorror) will be removed. The go-to source that mods use to check stories is www.wordcounter.net. Be aware that formatting can artificially increase the word count without your knowledge; any discrepancy between what your document says and what the mod sees on wordcounter.net will be resolved in favor of wordcounter.net. In the same vein, all of the story must be in the post itself, and not be carried on in the title of the story or in the comment section.
Stories cannot have links in them. This is meant to reduce distractions. Any story with a link in it will be removed.
Tags are reserved for Contests or Challenges and SSS posts disguised as posts from other subreddits. Otherwise, there is no need to add tags to a post. Stories with tags will be removed and re-submissions will be required. We do not require trigger warnings here as other rules cover subject matters which may be harmful to readers. Additionally, emojis and other non-text items are not allowed in the title.
No Non-Story Text Within the Story. No comments about it being your first post, or repeating the title within the story text, no side mentions of your inspiration. Just the narrative by itself. You have the comment section to host any commentary you have on it.
No multi-part stories, no sequels, prequels, interquels, alternative viewpoint stories, links to previous stories for reference, or anything that builds off of or depends on some other story you’ve written. The story begins and ends within the 500 words or less you are allotted.
Self-Promotion can only be done in the comment section of the story. Authors may only link to personal subreddits, other subreddits, and YouTube narrations of the work currently posted. Links to sales sites such as Amazon or posts with the intent of generating sales are strictly forbidden. We no longer allow links to outsides websites like blogs, author websites, or anything else. 
We ask that authors focus on creating stories within horror and thriller stories. You may borrow from other genres, but the main focus of the story MUST be to horrify, scare, or unsettle. Stories with jokey punchline will be removed. We shouldn't be laughing at the end of the story. Stories dealing with depression, suicide, mental illness, medical ailments, and other assorted topics belong over on /r/ShortSadStories. However, this doesn't mean you cannot use these topics in your stories. There's a delicate balance between something horrifying and sad. If we can interpret the story as being scary, we will do so. Please note that badly written stories, don't necessarily fall under this category. The story can be terrible, but still be focused on horror. 
All stories must be an original work. Stories must be submitted by the authors who wrote the story. Do not steal other users' stories. This rule also applies to famous or common stories that you’ve merely reworded slightly. This does not apply to famous stories you’ve reworked considerably, such as a fresh take on a fairytale or urban legend. No fan fiction allow. Stories generated via AI are not allowed. Stories based on copyrighted materials will be removed as well. The rule of thumb is that the original your story is, the safer you'll be.
Rape/Pedophilia/Bestiality/Torture Porn/Gore Porn are Off-Limit Topics. The intent of this ban is to prevent bad actors from exploiting this sub as a delivery system for their fantasies, which would bring the tone down, and alienate the reader base who don’t want to be exposed to such material. We acknowledge that this ban throws out the baby with the bath water, as well-made stories that merely happen to have such themes will get removed as well. But if we let in the decent stories with such content, those bad actors can point at them and demand to know why those stories get to stay and not theirs. Better by far to head the issue off entirely with a hard ban and stick to it.
Authors must wait 24 hours between submissions. This is intended to prevent prolific writers from crowding out others from the front page by spamming the sub. It is likely if you mistime it, you’ll be able to copy/paste and resubmit your story once the 24 hours has passed.
We reserve the right to remove any story that fails to use proper grammar, has frequent typos, or is in general just a poorly composed story. This is relative, and we will use that right as sparingly as possible.
This includes, but is not limited to: bigotry/hate speech, personal insults, exceptionally low quality feedback, antagonistic behavior, use of slurs, etc. Use your best judgement. Mod response will take the form of a spectrum ranging from a mild warning to a permaban, depending on the context. Incidentally, the lowest response we have to mod abuse is banning, because we quite literally don’t need to put up with it.
Posts impersonating other subreddit posting styles like /r/AITA, /r/Relationships, /r/Advice, are no longer allowed on SSS. If there's commentary about subreddit confusion in the comment section, your story will be removed. 
Links to Author Collectives with Restricted Submissions and/or curated content cannot be advertised on SSS.


A few additional notes:
If you have an issue that you need to address or a question for us, please contact us over modmail. That said, mod decisions are final; badgering or spamming us with messages over and over about the same subject will not change our minds, but it can easily get you banned.
If you see a story or comment that breaks these rules, please hit the report button. This will help us maintain a tightly focused and enjoyable sub for everyone.
We reserve the right to lock any thread that veers off topic into some controversial subject, such as politics or social commentary. This is simply not the venue for it.
Meta commentary and questions about the sub can be made at /r/ShortScaryStoriesOOC


Other Things


Want some longer stories? Try /r/NoSleep 
Shorter stories? /r/TwoSentenceHorror
Follow the Rules or Else /r/Ruleshorror 
Want a variety of dark stories? /r/DarkTales 
How about creepy stalkers? /r/letsnotmeet 
Still not enough? /r/creepy
Want more? /r/Scaredshitless
Want even more? /r/Odd_directions 
Short Sci-Fi Stories /r/shortscifistories
Need some terrible fun? /r/worststory
Want some sad stories? /r/shortsadstories
NOT MUCH TIME LEFT. /r/fearme
Don't keep me in suspense. /r/libraryofshadows
Classic Horror Discussions. /r/ClassicHorror
A Slow Descent into Madness. /r/Lovecraft
Dark Fiction in /r/Maeltopia
